GLiNER PII updates to notebook, docs, and scripts (#1845)
NVIDIA-NeMo/Guardrails: docs/configure-rails/guardrail-catalog/pii-detection.md

## GLiNER-based PII Detection

> The NeMo Guardrails library supports PII detection and masking via the [NVIDIA GLiNER-PII NIM](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nim/teams/nvidia/containers/gliner-pii). For a full step-by-step walkthrough — including CLI and Python SDK usage and local deployment — see the [GLiNER Integration](community/gliner.md) page.

Reviewer: Remove em dashes and keep the voice direct.
```suggestion
The NeMo Guardrails library supports PII detection and masking using the [NVIDIA GLiNER-PII NIM](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nim/teams/nvidia/containers/gliner-pii). For a full step-by-step walkthrough that includes CLI usage, Python SDK usage, and local deployment, refer to the [GLiNER Integration](community/gliner.md) page.
```

> ### NVIDIA-hosted endpoint

Reviewer: Use title case for the heading.
```suggestion
### NVIDIA-Hosted Endpoint
```

Use the NVIDIA-hosted NIM by setting `api_key_env_var` in both the `models` block and the `gliner` config block.

`nvidia/gliner-pii` does not appear in the configs below because it is the default value of `rails.config.gliner.model`. You only need to set that field explicitly if you want to use a different model:

```yaml
rails:
  config:
    gliner:
      model: nvidia/gliner-pii  # default — omit or change as needed
```

> **PII detection** — blocks input or output that contains PII:

Reviewer: Remove the em dash and make the sentence active.
```suggestion
**PII detection** blocks input or output that contains PII:
```

      - gliner detect pii on output
```

> **PII masking** — replaces detected PII with label placeholders (e.g., `Hi John` → `Hi [FIRST_NAME]`):

Reviewer: Remove the em dash and replace the abbreviation with plain text.
```suggestion
**PII masking** replaces detected PII with label placeholders, such as changing `Hi John` to `Hi [FIRST_NAME]`:
```

```yaml
models:
  - type: main
    engine: nim
    model: meta/llama-3.1-8b-instruct
    api_key_env_var: NVIDIA_API_KEY

rails:
  config:
    gliner:
      server_endpoint: https://integrate.api.nvidia.com/v1/chat/completions
      api_key_env_var: NVIDIA_API_KEY
      input:
        entities:
          - email
          - first_name
          - last_name
      output:
        entities:
          - email
          - first_name
          - last_name
  input:
    flows:
      - gliner mask pii on input
  output:
    flows:
      - gliner mask pii on output
```

> ### Locally hosted NIMs

Reviewer: Use title case for the heading.
```suggestion
### Locally Hosted NIMs
```
